771 Refactored the operator documentation (#789)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/operators/unbonding.md

# Unbonding as a Validator

> Once a bid is placed, it will remain in the state of the auction contract, even if the bid fails to win a slot right away. This is because new slots may become available if bonded validators leave the network or reduce their bond amounts. Therefore, a bid must be explicitly withdrawn to remove it from the auction. Bonded validators also have a bid in the auction; to unbond stake, this bid must be reduced. Since tokens will be transferred out of the bid purse, it's essential to compile the contract to withdraw the bid yourself so there is confidence in the correctness of the contract. The process is essentially the same as bonding but uses a different contract, `withdraw_bid.wasm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a bid is placed, it will remain in the state of the auction contract, even if the bid fails to win a slot immediately. This is because new slots may become available if bonded validators leave the network or reduce their bond amounts. Therefore, a bid must be explicitly withdrawn to remove it from the auction. Bonded validators also have a bid in the auction; to unbond stake, this bid must be reduced. Since tokens will be transferred out of the bid purse, it's essential to compile the contract to withdraw the bid yourself so there is confidence in the correctness of the contract. The process is essentially the same as bonding but uses a different contract, `withdraw_bid.wasm`.
```
